a patient and her son were waiting for their doctor to introduce them to the team of specialists that would handle their case . the doctor presented the patient to them but not the son . 
a knight and his squire were attacking a dragon . with its breath of fire , the dragon killed the knight but not the squire .
a woman and a man wearing coats walked into a bank . the bank guard watched the woman but not the man .
a mother took her son and daughter shopping with her at the market . when she left , she abandoned her son who was still in the toy aisle but not her daughter .
in the visiting room , a prisoner and a visitor began yelling at each other . to prevent a fight , the guard removed the prisoner from the room but not the visitor .
the old lady was very abusive to certain members of her family . she constantly battered her daughter but not her son .
the likely suspect and his accomplice in the crime were placed in a line-up of several other men . the victim identified the suspect but not the accomplice .
one night a thief was checking out the neighboring homes of a family and a bachelor . he robbed the family but not the bachelor .
a college admissions council was considering the applications of a student and a blue collar worker . they admitted the student but not the blue collar worker .
a boy and a girl were fighting in their bedroom when their father walked in . he punished the boy but not the girl . 
an actress and the producer 's niece were auditioning for a play . the director selected the actress but the not the niece .
an actor and an actress were rehearsing on stage with the curtain half closed . the curtain covered the actor but not the actress .
a senator and a lawyer were debating on television about international law . the next day , a news reporter criticized the senator but not the lawyer .
a guide and a cameraman got stuck in a narrow canyon while traveling with a research team in the arctic . the team had to abandon the guide but not the cameraman .
a boy and a girl were smoking behind the school gym when the principal came walking toward them . he recognized the boy but not the girl .
a boy was conducting an experiment on a rabbit and a hamster . he raised the rabbit himself but not the hamster .
