two patients were waiting for their doctor to introduce them to the team of specialists that would handle their case . the doctor presented one of the patients to them but not the other .
two knights were attacking a dragon . with its breath of fire , the dragon killed one of the knights but not the other .
two women wearing coats walked into a bank . the bank guard watched one of the women but not the other .
a mother took her two sons shopping with her at the market . when she left , she abandoned one of her sons who was still in the toy aisle but not her other .
in the visiting room , two prisoners began yelling at each other . to prevent a fight , the guard removed one of the prisoners from the room but not the other .
the old lady was very abusive to certain members of her family . she constantly battered one of her daughters but not the other .
the two likely suspects in the crime were placed in a line-up of several other men . the victim identified one of the suspects but not the other .
one night a thief was checking out the neighboring homes of two families . he robbed one of the families but not the other .
a college admissions council was considering the applications of two students . they admitted one of the students but not the other .
two boys were fighting in their bedroom when their father walked in . he punished one of the boys but not the other .
two actresses were auditioning for a play . the director selected one of the actresses but the other .
two actors were rehearsing on stage with the curtain half closed . the curtain covered one of the actors but not the other .
two senators were debating on television about international law . the next day , a news reporter criticized one of the senators but not the other .
two guides got stuck in a narrow canyon while traveling with a research team in the arctic . the team had to abandon one of the guides but not the other .
two boys were smoking behind the school gym when the principal came walking toward them . he recognized one of the boys but not the other .
a boy was conducting an experiment on two rabbits . he raised one of the rabbits himself but not the other .
