several students will be sitting together taking an exam in a large lecture hall later today . a supervisor will notice one of the students cheating .
several visitors will be waiting in an executive 's front office next week . a secretary will come up to one of the visitors and say welcome .
several heavily armed soldiers will be exploring a bombed out building tomorrow . a terrorist will come out of nowhere and fire a gun at one of the soldiers .
next week several consultants will be each waiting to hear about an executive 's decision . the executive will telephone and leave a message for one of the consultants .
some sick children will be in a hospital ward next week . a nurse will come up and wrap her comforting arms around one of the children .
next day , all the prisoners will be standing in line for dinner . a guard will come up and push one of the prisoners .
several old men will be sitting on a park bench next day . a young child will run up and accidentally scare one of the men .
this next holiday , many worshippers will be gathered to see the pope . the pope will place his hand on the forehead of one of the worshippers .
next day afternoon , several teenagers will be playing basketball in a vacant lot . a beautiful young woman will begin to walk towards one of the players .
a motorcycle gang will be sitting around a table in a bar tomorrow night . a warrant officer will walk in and will glance over at the men . he will suddenly realize that he knows one of the men from a wanted poster that he will see earlier .
at tomorrow night 's game , both basketball referees will be in a heated argument with the home team 's coach . the coach will become angry and will start taunting one of the referees with ethnic slurs .
quite a few teenagers will be hanging out at a street corner tomorrow . a cop will come along and suddenly threaten one of the teenagers .
the boss of a large company will interview several job applicants two days from now . the boss will get along well with one of the applicants .
several old ladies will be standing in front of a supermarket with their groceries tomorrow . a bag boy will come up and help one of the old ladies , but he will unfortunately drop the groceries .
many illegal aliens will be trying to cross the border tomorrow night . a patrol guard , scanning the area with his binoculars , will notice one of the aliens .
a bunch of girls will be playing ball in a playground tomorrow . a bully will come up and for no apparent reason punch one of the girls in the mouth .
