several students were sitting together taking an exam in a large lecture hall earlier today . a supervisor noticed one of the students cheating .
several visitors were waiting in an executive 's front office last week . a secretary came up to one of the visitors and said welcome .
several heavily armed soldiers were exploring a bombed out building yesterday . a terrorist came out of nowhere and fired a gun at one of the soldiers .
last week several consultants were each waiting to hear about an executive 's decision . the executive telephoned and left a message for one of the consultants .
some sick children were in a hospital ward last week . a nurse came up and wrapped her comforting arms around one of the children .
last day , all the prisoners were standing in line for dinner . a guard came up and pushed one of the prisoners .
several old men were sitting on a park bench last day . a young child ran up and accidentally scared one of the men .
this past holiday , many worshippers were gathered to see the pope . the pope placed his hand on the forehead of one of the worshippers .
last day afternoon , several teenagers were playing basketball in a vacant lot . a beautiful young woman began to walk towards one of the players .
a motorcycle gang was sitting around a table in a bar last night . a warrant officer walked in and glanced over at the men . he suddenly realized that he knew one of the men from a wanted poster that he saw earlier .
at last night 's game , both basketball referees were in a heated argument with the home team 's coach . the coach became angry and started taunting one of the referees with ethnic slurs .
quite a few teenagers were hanging out at a street corner yesterday . a cop came along and suddenly threatened one of the teenagers .
the boss of a large company interviewed several job applicants two days ago . the boss got along well with one of the applicants .
several old ladies were standing in front of a supermarket with their groceries yesterday . a bag boy came up and helped one of the old ladies , but he unfortunately dropped the groceries .
many illegal aliens were trying to cross the border last night . a patrol guard , scanning the area with his binoculars , noticed one of the aliens .
a bunch of girls were playing ball in a playground yesterday . a bully came up and for no apparent reason punched one of the girls in the mouth .
